[Brian] Previously
on What About Brian:
We need to set ground rules.
We don't need to talk about
how our day was. I don't care.
Welcome to
"Icing on the Cupcake."
We're going
to have our own business.
Just like Dave and Brian,
only successful.
Will you marry me,
Deena Greco? Again?
You're always looking
after everyone, Brian.
You need someone
to look after you.
[Dave] Here it comes. Let's go.
[Adam] All right, ladies.
Let's go. Nice shot.
[grunting]
- Come on.
- Come on. Here we go.
You can't take me to the basket.
You can't take your sister
to the basket.
- You going to the
pass the ball, Chief?
- Watch it. Watch the rim.
- Watch your back.
- Nothing.
What's wrong?
- He said the word "sister."
- Oh, come on, man. Focus.
He slept with my sister,
I can't focus. I can't
get it out of my head.
Nic has slept
with a lot of guys, OK?
- Ivy said even Richie Sambora.
- I don't know Richie Sambora.
The next time, replace Adam's
head with Richie Sambora.
Richie Sambora.
[Adam] I got to go to work.
- Richie Sambora.
Richie Sambora.
- [♪ Bon Jovi: It's My Life]
- Come on.
- Yeah.
[Adam laughing] I got it.
I got it.
[Adam cheers]
Sambora doesn't work.
[Adam] All right,
spoils to the winner.
You, Mr. Greco, as the winner
of this fine game of two on two,
get to accompany me
to the Lakers tomorrow.
Courtside, Jack Nicholson,
courtesy of my boss.
- Oh, I can't.
- Why not?
Because I got to go to this
crazy high school reunion thing.
With Deena?
She's got to go see her sick
grandmother or something.
Oh. OK, then,
how about you Jimbo?
Can't. You know,
it's, uh, it's Ivy Day.
- What?
- I'm sorry.
Did you say that
it was "Ivy Day"?
Ivy gets a day
where I do what she wants.
You know foreign films, Bed Bath
and Whatever. I... anything.
Wow. All right, Brian,
what do you say?
As happy as I am
to be a third choice,
I have to watch the kids.
And if I could go, I wouldn't.
- Why not?
- Say you won't do it again.
Do what?
Nic. You're won't
sleep with her again.
Brian, I told you. It was one
moment. A one-time thing.
You don't go around
sleeping with your
best friend's widowed sister.
I see. But you can go
around and make out with
your best friend's fiancée.
- Is that right?
- OK, we have to make a pact.
We have to make a pact
from here on out,
we go outside our circle
when it comes to women. Deal?
- Sure.
- Hello, Gentlemen. Good game?
- Yeah. Yeah, it was great.
- Glad to see you're working
those love handles.
- Thanks.
- Cold as ice.
Frozen as the tundra of Siberia.
I don't have
love handles, do I?
- No.
- A little back fat maybe.
- I am 34 though.
- Can you imagine her in bed?
- I can.
- No.
I can. Know
what it would be like?
"Come on, work off those
love handles. Go! Go! Go!"
- It was funny, wasn't it?
- "Go! Go! Go!"
Is it your Mom's mom?
Yeah, it's my Grandma
in Monterey. My mom
thinks this could be it.
Is Dave going with you?
Uh, no. He's got
this other thing.
- Is everything OK?
- Oh, yeah. Everything's great.
Well, how am I going to do this
without you all weekend?
We're not even open Sundays.
It's just for tomorrow.
I've mixed all the batter.
I've got four dozen already
done in the fridge.
It'll be fine, OK?
And I'll call you tomorrow.
Hey. Did you know you were
on TasteyDay? TasteyDay.com?
Let me see that.
Oh, my God.
"Celebrity hang out?"
Oh, my God! Deena! Deena!
We're on TasteyDay.com!
[rock music plays]
♪ He was locked to the bed
with a miracle drug
in her hand ♪
- What do you want?
- Thank you maybe,
for the coffee?
I have assistants
to get me coffee.
Besides Brian and Dave
can see you in here.
I'm your lawyer, remember?
Hey, um...
Ahem. I got these,
uh, these tickets
for the Lakers tomorrow night,
if you want to go.
Are you asking me on a date?
Not a date, you know.
If I took Brian it
wouldn't really be a date.
Save. Why isn't
this thing saving?
What?
Here. Let me help you.
Just push this...
OK. No, no, no, no.
OK. [laughs]
We don't help, OK? We don't get
coffee and we don't go to games.
We are two people
who have sex with
each other. That is all.
You can pretend that you don't
have these feelings for me,
but we both know
that's not true.
You should just admit it
already. You'll feel better.
The only thing I know
is you have nothing
better to do this weekend
than to wait for me
to be available.
Oh, please. I am swamped this
weekend. I have a date tonight.
In fact,
I'm all booked up.
Even if you wanted
to see me, the only
time would be at this game.
But, if you don't want to go,
that's fine.
I guess I'll just
see you next week.
Or not.
Crap.
Ladies and gentleman,
welcome to flight 563 with
non-stop service to Monterey.
Please make sure all
carry-on items are stowed
securely under the seat
in front of you
or in the overhead bins.
- Hi, gorgeous.
- Hey.
- These are for you.
- Thank you.
- Do you think anybody guessed?
- I don't think
anybody has a clue.
- No?
- No.
You ready to go
get married again?
Absolutely.
[♪ Low Stars:
Calling All Friends]
♪ Calling all friends and
people I met on the way down ♪
♪ Calling all friends
and people I don't even know ♪
♪ Calling on high ♪
♪ I want to believe
there's a way now ♪
♪ I'm too tired to pretend
I don't wanna be alone ♪
♪ I'm calling all friends ♪♪
[PA] Sorry for the delay.
The captain will
be on shortly with an update.
- This is terrible.
- It's going to be OK,
all right?
We just have to be
a little patient right now.
But what about dinner?
We were going to our place
and order that wine
you used to get me drunk on.
Yeah. I remember.
We'll eat late.
And I promise you I'm
so going to get you drunk.
We're going to be in the air
in a few minutes.
Hello, this is your
captain speaking.
It looks like more bad news.
Sorry to say,
but the fog has closed
the airport in Monterey.
They don't anticipate
opening the airport.
We're very sorry
for any inconvenience.
Sorry for any inconvenience?
I mean, we were on
our way to Carmel. We got
married there 15 years ago.
We were going to renew
our vows. It's been a
really tough year, you know?
We had this stupid open marriage
thing and then we broke up.
But then we got back together
and we haven't had sex
in God knows how long.
It has been a really, really...
this weekend was very important.
Sorry for the inconvenience?!
I...
Is there any flights
to San Francisco?
- Travel agent?
- Yeah.
- Yes. Two seats
last flight out.
- We'll take it.
- OK, can you hold on a second?
- First class.
Three thousand a piece.
- Six thousand dollars?
That's one year's tuition for
our girls. We can't take it.
Yeah, we can't.
What are we going to do?
I got an idea.
- [Dave] Ready to go?
- [Deena] Yes, go! Let's go!
You OK?
Excuse me. Excuse me. Sorry. Hi.
Sorry. Where are we going?
Over here. We're going
to look at the board.
I have no idea what that means.
What track are we on?
What track?
I thought you knew!
We got three minutes
to get there.
We just need
to ask someone.
There's no time to ask.
- What do you want to do?
- This way. This way right here.
You know what? This is crazy.
I'm going to ask someone.
- Fine.
- There's someone.
Hi. Excuse me.
All aboard? All aboard where?
Twelve. Honey, 12. Track 12.
- That's right here. Come on.
- Coming through. Excuse me.
[rock music plays]
- You wake him up.
- No, you wake him up.
Whoever wakes up Uncle Brian's
grounded forever.
Does this mean you're up?
Give me 20 more minutes.
I'll do anything.
Will you play
Pretty, Pretty Princess?
I will play Pretty,
Pretty Princess until
bedtime Sunday night.
Just give me 20 more minutes.
- OK.
[phone ringing]
You got to be kidding me.
- Hi, Natasha.
- Hey, are you up?
Of course I'm up. I'm always up
at 6:45 on a Saturday morning.
- I lost the file.
- What do you mean you lost it?
I lost the file!
OK. Relax, I may still have it.
It just might not be current.
I'll check.
- Brian, I need you
to work today.
- Today?
I need you.
I need to come over now.
There's a slight problem.
[rock music plays]
- [Natasha] Wow.
- What?
I don't really get that.
Really? This is what it's all
about. I can't wait for this.
Oh, come on. If you
really wanted it,
you'd be doing it by now.
You guys always say that
and then you go for the girls
that aren't right for it.
- No, you don't know that.
- Kiss it.
Kiss the frog, Uncle Brian.
Yeah, kiss it.
No wonder Dave doesn't
get any work done here.
This is not a house,
this is a daycare.
I called someone
to watch the girls so
we can get some work done.
Good. Because
this is ridiculous.
- Would you like to play?
- No, honey. I don't play.
[knocking]
No, you can't get the door.
Princesses don't get the door.
You do it.
- Yeah.
I can't believe I'm taking
orders from a four-year-old.
- I'm six.
- Whatever.
- Am I pretty?
- Yes.
Ah! Good morning.
Supernanny is here.
[PA] All aboard.
Passengers may disembark now.
Is this our stop?
Wait, is this...
I think this is our stop.
Last call.
Passengers must disembark now.
Dave. Dave. Come on. Get up.
Come on. This is our stop.
We got to get off.
- What?
- Let's go.
Grab our flowers.
OK. All right.
I'll get the flowers.
Thanks for the help, pal.
Hey.
Hey, thanks.
God, I think I pinched a nerve
getting off the train.
Oh, come here. Let me try...
Oh, I'm so glad
to be here finally.
That's it. That's it.
That's the spot.
That's the spot. You got it.
Dave?
We're not at the
right station, are we?
I don't think so.
No! No! No! No! Stop the train!
Stop the....
[screams]
- Honey?
- Yeah?
- What did you do to your leg?
- I just pulled a hammy.
[horn blowing]
[Nicole] OK, who's next?
You can't all be next.
I mean, can't you just
form an orderly line?
Didn't you go to grade school?
We really need one
of those red pulling
ticket things. OK, you go.
- A dozen chocolate.
Uh, are you sure you
really need a dozen?
Because that really seems
like a lot and you know,
it goes straight to your hips.
I know. I want chocolate
frosting with vanilla cake.
Chocolate frosting,
vanilla cake.
OK, look. I got to go check in
the back. Everybody hang tight.
Where are you, Deena?
I hate your stupid sick
grandmother.
OK. Calm down. You can do this.
You're a professional.
Now, frosting.
Vanilla.
- [rock music plays]
- ♪ Hey, hey, hey, America ♪
- What?
- Hey, you've
reached Deena's cell phone,
leave a message
after the beep.
♪ Sex, cars, ladies, bars ♪
♪ Focus up on the lead guitar ♪
- ♪ Come on, take a drink ♪
- [coughs and screams]
♪ Well, I don't believe ♪
♪ What the world
wants me to ♪
I need you two to
come down here right away.
Ivy Day? What? I don't care
if it's Christmas day.
Get your butts down here
right away, please!
- ♪ Love, love, love... ♪
- OK, who's next?
Don't be in a bad mood.
Bad mood?
I'm not in a bad mood.
My neck's killing me,
and we're not going to
make it to Carmel until 2008,
but I'm not in a bad mood.
This is great, Deen. Come on.
It's the best trip ever.
- Would you like
for me to drive?
- No.
As long as I don't press
down on the gas pedal
or move my head, I'll be fine.
[rock music plays]
- Are you kidding me? Seriously?
- OK. Honey, just go. Just turn.
Slow down.
This princess is going
to turn into a monster.
[girls scream]
[high-pitched] And the
monster took Baby Carrie with...
[sniffing] Whoa!
Can you please keep it down?
We're trying to work here.
Sure, but the baby smells.
Monsters don't change diapers,
do they? No. No, you don't.
Get the baby.
- I'll be back in a minute.
- Yes.
Hey, big time.
Let's see what's going on here.
Whoa. Jeez, what did you eat?
A rhino?
So, uh, big plans?
Who's your date?
The dirty diaper
or the one who calls
you pretty princess Adam?
[Adam] Ha, ha, ha.
You kill me.
I'm on to you. Really.
You knew I was going to be here.
[scoffs]
Don't flatter yourself.
If anyone had a plan here,
it was you.
- Me?
- Showing up here,
Dave's house on the weekend.
You knew you'd see me.
Might as well wear
a little sign around your
neck that says "I want Adam."
So, I'm supposed to
believe that you came here
to help a friend out? Please.
Well, that's what friends do.
Not that you'd know
anything about that.
Everything OK?
Uh, no, actually. It's not.
I really actually can't
work in this zoo.
Can't we leave the kids
with the princess
and work somewhere else?
I'm not taking care
of three kids by myself. No.
Hey, hey. What if I
get someone to help you out?
I'll call Stephanie.
No. She already thinks I'm
a big enough idiot as it is.
Wait until she sees me
in this fairy princess crap.
I think I know what to do.
- Wow, those
dolls are beautiful.
- Thanks, Laura.
[Adam] She is amazing. She's the
dog whisperer, but with kids.
I know.
It's pretty impressive.
How did you convince
her to come over?
I didn't. I asked her
and she said yes.
I had this feeling
she'd be great.
She's got this thing about her,
the way she's so calm.
- And I offered her
a hundred bucks.
- What?
I'm just kidding, relax.
It's really all about
money with you, isn't it?
What? Anyway, who's ready
for a picnic out on the patio?
- I am! I am!
- I am! Me!
I'm confused.
Are you Brian's girlfriend
or Molly Marmalade with the
blonde hair and the long legs?
That's Stephanie. She's Brian's
girlfriend. We're just friends.
Friends. Right.
Anyway, I should
go back out there.
I was that girl.
For a very long time.
- Excuse me?
- You know,
the friend who's always there.
The one who sits around
and waits for the guy
to call and does what he wants.
Hoping one day that
he'll see the light.
It took me seven years to
realize that my guy wasn't
going to see the light.
He liked things fine
just the way they were.
Why wouldn't he, right?
I'm sorry it didn't work out,
but that has nothing to do
with me and Brian, so...
Look, I don't know you,
but I do know Brian
just a little.
And this is not going
to end the way you want.
It's not a movie.
You're not going
to have some big moment
where you save the day
and he comes running
into your arms.
You don't know that.
Friendships change.
They get deeper,
more meaningful.
Not every situation is the same.
OK. Sure.
Maybe you're right.
It does happen. If people
are open to it. I mean,
look at Adam and Nicole.
They were friends forever,
since they were kids.
And then...
- And then what?
- And then they slept together.
I'm not even saying
I like Brian in that way.
All I'm saying
is you could be wrong.
- [rock music plays]
- Can I help the next customer?
- Know if the
red velvet are wheat-free?
- No.
Can you find out? I could go
into anaphylactic shock.
Then order something else.
Anyone else have any questions?
- Are there pumpkin spice?
- You do birthdays?
Can I special order
three dozen
and have them frosted
like the Gay Pride flag?
This so doesn't
feel like Ivy Day.
Need my help yet? No?
So, what's the deal, huh?
You're sleeping
with Nicole, too?
The last time I checked,
we're not a couple.
So what's the problem?
No, no. No problem.
I'm just just curious.
Curious, or jealous?
No, no, no.
See, I am not jealous.
If anything, I'm a little
repulsed that you're sleeping
with other people
- while sleeping with me.
- Whatever,
Miss "I'm Not Jealous."
Adam. Excuse me. Excuse me.
OK, I need help.
Stephanie's here.
- So?
- So Laura's here
and now she's upset.
- Laura?
- Stephanie.
I didn't call her first.
Hey.
I just don't understand.
I had all day free.
Why didn't you
call me for help?
I thought Laura would be good.
Well, more appropriate.
I mean, just enjoy being
with the girls more.
Are you saying that you don't
think that I'm good with kids?
That's not it.
I'm not saying that at all.
Because I am great with kids. I
have nieces, you know. Two.
Wait, three.
And I'm sure
you're great with them.
I am. I take them to get
mani/pedis all the time.
I'm going to take the girls
to the beach, OK?
Brian, please.
I want to help you.
Actually, you know, Stephanie
wanted to take them for a while.
Laura, I know you're
so busy with your mid-terms,
so I'll take it from here.
And then you can
go to the library.
- Guess I'll see you later then.
- Yeah.
Go run along.
- Girls, where are you?
- This is all your fault.
My fault? My fault?
What did I do?
I would've called Stephanie,
but you thought it
would be weird.
- What whole thing went down?
- You still here?
No! No, no, no, no, no! No! No!
Oh! No, no, no!
OK. OK. OK.
Carrie and I are going
to get some coffee.
We know when we're not wanted.
- Why are people so annoying?
- I hate people.
- I hate cupcakes.
- I hate sprinkles.
- Who the hell are you?
- Bill. I was just trying
to buy a cupcake
- for my daughter. Can I go now?
- No. Keep working.
- Maybe we should just close.
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on. It's just
one day. Come on.
We can't give up.
Failure's not an option.
- You got that Bill?
- Yeah. I got it.
You know something?
You worked much better this
morning when you had
that tiara on your head.
Do you think Laura's mad?
Laura? You should really
be worried about Stephanie.
You basically told her that
she'd make a terrible mother.
- I did not.
- Well, you implied it.
And she's your girlfriend,
not the other one.
Which, by the way,
dating a girl like Stephanie
is the perfect example
of what I was saying before.
You don't really
want to get married.
Because if you did,
you'd be dating someone
who was an actual possibility.
Yeah, and what about you?
When was the last time
you were in a relationship?
Me? No. No, no, no.
I don't do relationships.
Exactly. At least
I'm out there.
- At least I take
risks with people.
- Where are you going?
I'm done working. It's Saturday
and I'm not the one who
lost the file, you did.
So you fix it.
You can just let yourself
out when you're done.
And by the way, Stephanie
would make a great mother.
I thought we were
getting mani/pedis.
We are, honey. I promise.
My agent called
and made me come on this.
Today's the only day
for the audition.
I wanted flower
petals on my toes.
Right after this, we'll go.
You guys just sit here and I'll
be back in one minute, OK?
Looks like you two are next.
Should we get started?
We're waiting for Stephanie.
- Is that your mom?
- No.
- Is Stephanie in casting?
- Yeah.
Well, come with me, then.
You two are cute.
Who wants to be a star?
- Me! I do!
- Me!
Well, it's right in here.
Come on.
[Deena] This road
does not exist, OK?
We are lost in the
middle of nowhere
on an imaginary road, OK?
- [screaming]
- [Dave] My neck! The map!
[Dave] the car overheated?
Car's overheated.
[horn blowing]
God, this can't be
happening right now.
- It's going to be OK.
- It's not going to be OK.
We were supposed to be
in Carmel last night staying
at The Highlands Inn.
We're supposed to wake up late
and have breakfast in bed.
We're supposed to drink
champagne all afternoon
and get ready for our wedding.
And now everything is just...
it's just screwed!
We are going to miss our own
wedding ceremony. It's at six.
- Honey, it's OK.
- No, it's not OK.
It doesn't really matter.
I mean, we're just
going to renew our vows.
- It doesn't matter
when we get there.
- It does matter. It matters.
It matters because
the Druidic priestess is
going to meet us there at six.
Mona?
Yes, Mona. The priestess
from our first wedding.
I found her,
she's coming at six.
That's the most romantic
thing I've ever heard.
[gasps]
My wedding dress?
So it does matter, Deen.
I planned this whole
thing to be the best
weekend of our lives and...
I planned it so we could
go back in time and find
those people we used to be.
You know those people, Deen?
The crazy kids
who were so young and...
...stupid and in love
like you read about.
I want those people back,
Deen. I want us back.
Come on.
- [soft rock plays]
- ♪ Here it comes ♪
♪ It's all blowin' in tonight ♪
♪ I woke up this morning
to a blood-red sky ♪
♪ Burning on the bridge
Turning off the lights ♪
♪ We're on the run
I see it in your eyes ♪
♪ I'm holding on to you
Holding on to me ♪
♪ Maybe it's all gone black
but you're all I see ♪
♪ You're all I see ♪♪
[making car noises]
Look, here's
Mama's cupcake shop.
Mom, can we just
get an ice cream?
No. We've waited
in line this long,
we're going to get a cupcake
and you're going to like it.
OK.
- Hey, no cuts, bozo.
- There's a line here.
- To the back, pal.
- Right, relax.
I'm just looking.
Excuse me. Excuse me. Watch it.
I have a baby here.
Watch out. Sorry. Excuse me.
You don't want
to go to the game?
Can't. All right?
Ivy Day has turned
into Ivy Night.
This is the
worst Ivy Day ever.
OK. So, hey, Nicole. What's
with all the bald cupcakes?
Well, we had an assembly line,
but there just wasn't time.
And now we got
to make things to order.
I've totally failed Deena.
Hey. Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
There is no crying in baking.
The Nicole I know
wouldn't give up like that.
Now, where's the fighter?
The savvy business woman?
Where's the animal
I know and love?
Is that a reference to
our night in the bedroom?
- Yes, it is.
- You're right.
What am I thinking? I mean,
I ran a major record label.
I stayed up for weeks straight
with the Rolling Stones.
I have a lion's stamina.
I mean, these are cupcakes
we're talking about,
for God's sakes! I can do this.
- Yeah.
- You want to help?
I'll help only if you go to the
Laker game with me afterwards.
Done. It's a date.
Oh, my God,
that was so worth the wait.
[cows moo]
I think they agree.
You know what the best part is?
We get to do it over and over
again for the rest of our lives.
- You're so beautiful.
- And you look fantastic.
My love handles aren't...?
No. Gosh, no. I think you're
leaner than before.
- Yeah?
- Harder.
You know what?
Who cares if we missed the vows?
Who cares if we
missed the hotel?
- Exactly. Who cares?!
- Right? Who the hell cares?!
I love you, Deena Greco!
I love you, Dave Greco!
I love you Dave
and Deena Greco!
- Yes! Ah!
- [laughs]
Seriously?
Where the hell are we?
I think... we are exactly
where we need to be.
Well, I bet you
the car's cooled down.
We could try to get back to
the main road, make the wedding.
God, I love you.
[knocking]
Can I come in?
I wanted to apologize.
I didn't handle things
very well back there.
No. You didn't.
I let Stephanie take the girls
because I thought it would make
her happy but...
...all I could think about
was you sitting here
being sad because of me.
I'm not sad.
You sure? Because you looked
pretty sad before you left.
Either that or you
wanted to kill me.
I don't want to kill you.
I just...
...I like spending time
with those girls.
They're so sweet
and innocent and...
I was like that, you know?
Little girl all happy and free.
With...
...no idea how it
feels to want something
you can never have.
You're amazing.
You can have anything you want.
It doesn't seem to happen.
I don't know. Maybe it's me.
Maybe I'm too shy or too quiet.
What are you talking about?
What is it that you want?
Tell me.
You really have no idea?
Oh, God. I'm sorry.
[phone ringing]
You should get that.
I don't want to.
You have to. You're responsible
for your friend's kids.
Hi, Stephanie.
Calm down. Calm down.
What?
- What?
- Stephanie lost the girls.
Stephanie.
I'm so sorry, Brian. I only
left them for five minutes.
How long have they been missing?
- About 40 minutes.
- Forty?
We have guards posted
around all the fences.
We're checking
cars and ID's.
No one is getting on unless
they're an employee.
Honey, that
was a great audition.
Are there any other descriptions
you could tell me?
Mrs. Conner couldn't remember
what they were wearing.
Geneva was wearing
a gray hoodie sweatshirt,
pink tie-dye shirt,
pink skirt with those Ugg boots,
and Larissa was wearing
a skirt with a pink sweatshirt
with butterflies.
- Butterflies?
- Yeah. Butterflies.
Oh, thank God.
Girls, where did you go?
This lady came out
and gave us some lines to read.
And we got juice boxes.
- I'm so glad that you're safe.
- How did you...?
I saw some kids
coming out of an audition.
What's a callback? Because I
have one tomorrow at five.
I should never have
brought them here.
How am I going to be a good
mother if I can't even
take care of these guys?
Who loses two kids?
Hey, Steph, come on.
Come on. Come on.
Even parents sometimes
make mistakes, you know?
Kids can get away from you.
I just... Look, if you
had an audition, I just
wished you'd called me.
I know. I know...
It's over now. All right?
They're safe.
Hey, what do you say we go out
and get some pizza or something?
- How does that sound?
- Yeah! Yeah!
- I want pizza.
- Me too. What do you guys want?
- Cheese.
- Pepperoni.
Pepperoni?
Laura, where you going?
You go. With your girlfriend.
I don't want to be this person,
Brian. I don't want
to play games.
Stephanie's my friend.
And I want you to... I want
you to go with her. Please.
Hey. What are you guys doing?
This is where we got
married 15 years ago.
Cool.
Mona?
- Dave!
- Wow!
Deena!
- It's great to see you.
- Look at you!
Wow, you look different.
Well, you know,
I'm not really a Druid anymore.
My husband works
in Silicon Valley and
he wanted us to
raise our kids Episcopalian.
Jason. This is my son, Jason.
- Hey. Jason.
- Hi.
So, you two want
to renew your vows.
- Yeah.
- Yes, we want to.
That is so great.
Most couples these days just
seem to want to break up.
We did for a while, then
realized it was a mistake
and that's why we're here.
That's great. Well, see,
now that was then
and this is now.
So, uh, here
is to new beginnings.
Now, do you have
the candles, honey?
All right.
Oh, I don't... Do you...
Hey, do you have a light
by any chance? I got
to light the candles.
Here you go.
In this wind... look, we'll just
pretend they're lit.
- It's fine.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Mother Earth, we are here today
to ask your blessings
for Dave and Deena,
two of your children
who in the hubbub of life
have lost their most valued
possession: each other.
Fifteen years ago, we stood
at this same sacred spot
and they were surrounded
by their family and
most beloved friends.
Today, they come to you anew
to ask as a couple...
Mona, can we... I'm sorry.
Can we just get a second?
Oh. Sure. Sure, yeah.
- Does this feel right to you?
- No. No, not at all.
I mean, the quest thing to get
back to who we were is great
but just not...
It's not who we are anymore.
I mean, we're Dave and Deena,
but we're also Geneva and
Larissa and Carrie and Nic
and Adam and Brian.
I don't want to do it
without them.
- Neither do I.
- God, I love you.
- OK.
- Let's go.
Here we are. Sweet home.
That was fun. One of the best
dates I've had in a long time.
- Is anyone home?
- It doesn't look like it.
Hello? Hello?
Is anyone home?
Oh. Hey. I, uh,
actually just...
...forgot my power cord
on my laptop.
So, how was the game?
You found a date.
- Yeah, we had a great time too.
- Yeah.
Carrie was a little bored.
Well, I'm going to put her down.
All right.
I'm going to go.
I know what's going on
between you and Adam.
- So don't hurt him. OK?
- Excuse me?
He's my friend.
I'm just saying, be careful.
Friend? Are you sure that's all?
Because I actually know about
you two. About what happened.
- So?
- So...maybe you want to
be more than friends.
Adam and I are not
going to get together.
I'm not right for him.
But I don't
think you are either.
- [Brian] Who wants pizza?
- Me, please.
Yeah?
Hey, you're still here.
I just forgot my power cord.
Jimmy and Ivy
are on their way over.
I promised them we'd all hang
out and have a lot to drink.
You want to stay?
Pizza, beer and cupcakes.
- Yeah, you should stay.
- Yeah. Sure.
All right. Great. Well, I'll...
I'll go get the drinks.
[Brian] Who wants
the one that's puffy?
Hey.
So, I was thinking
on this arrangement.
Maybe... maybe we should
amend the rules a bit.
Hm. I'm listening.
Um, well, from here on out,
we have sex
with just each other.
We're still not dating
or in a relationship.
But it's exclusive.
Well, I'll agree to your
amendment on one condition.
That you admit
that you were jealous.
OK, I'll admit that I
was jealous. A little.
Does that make you happy?
Ecstatic. Come on, hot stuff.
Let's go.
[laughing]
- I never want
to see frosting again.
- Frosting is disgusting.
I never want to go
on another audition again.
- Me neither.
- I never want to work
on a Saturday.
Yeah, well, let's just be glad
that the day is over.
For real.
Mommy! Daddy!
- What are you doing here?
- What are you guys doing here?
Is your grandma OK?
She feel better?
No, no. Grandma's fine.
Wait, I thought you two
weren't going away together.
What's going on?
It's actually kind of perfect
that you guys are here.
Um, we got a little bit of news.
Mona?
- Hi.
- Everybody, this is Mona.
- You look familiar, Mona.
Mona... Mona...
Mona married us 15 years ago.
- Yep.
- What?
And she's here today so
that we can renew our vows.
We're going
to get married again.
- This is incredible!
- Yeah!
We were just hoping that,
you know, you guys would
want to be our...
- ...our witnesses.
- Absolutely! That's wonderful!
- I love Ivy Day.
- I love Ivy Day too. Come here.
[rock ballad plays]
We are here tonight
to celebrate the union and
re-union of Dave and Deena.
It hasn't always been easy,
but then nothing worth having
ever is.
True love is like a twisted,
old vine.
Over time, the two separate
strands become so intertwined,
it's impossible to tell
where one starts
and the other one ends.
And from this vine comes life.
New flowers. New beginnings.
And, yes, new challenges.
But with the proper care,
this vine continues growing
and turning and climbing.
Always strengthened
by the fact that
this love is stronger
because the two strands
are now one strong vine.
So I ask you here tonight,
Dave and Deena,
in front of friends
that you love the best.
Are you ready to commit
yourselves once again to love,
passionately and completely,
for the rest of your days?
- I do.
[Mona] Can I get an amen?
- [all] Amen!
- Amen!
- [Adam] It's about time.
- [Brian] Come on.
♪ Say stay ♪
- ♪ Someday when ♪
- [knocking]
♪ You're gone ♪
♪ I'll sit and write ♪
- Can we talk?
- ♪ This love song ♪♪